# Oathsworn

Faction: Lords' Alliance
Guilds: Azorius Senate, Orzhov Syndicate

The Oathsworn became an Alliance after agents of the Orzhov Syndicate approached the lords who led the Lords' Alliance with an offer that would strengthen both organizations. Eventually, the very slow-moving bureaucracy of the Azorius Senate signed joined the others, making their rule much more official by fleshing out an interplanar legal code. The Oathsworn is now involved in the politics of nearly every nation throughout the known planes.

### Accepted Alignments

Any alignment.

### Goals

- Maintain order and diplomacy between planes.
- Arrest criminals and bring them to their home realm to face justice.
- Investigate reported crimes and attempt to prevent upcoming crimes through precognitive magic.

### Member Traits

To locate those who would break the law or undermine the power of the Oathsworn, agents are highly skilled and disciplined. The investigators, arresters, and diplomats who make up the Oathsworn's ranks generally ensure their mission's success by any means necessary. Some do so by strictly upholding the letter of the law in all their interactions. Though other agents may use coercion and bribery, finding that the ends justify the means as long as the mission gets results. **Note this and The Syndicate of the Open Hand are the only Alliances that allow players to have Lawful Evil characters.**

### Ranks

- **Pledge** (rank 1)
- **Truthspeaker** (rank 2)
- **Vowkeeper** (rank 3)
- **Bondmaster** (rank 4)
- **Oathmaker** (rank 5)

### Special Oathsworn Services

***Alliance Insignia.*** Crown Signet

***Tool & Language Training.*** Jewelers tools, Mason’s tools, Navigator’s tools, Painters supplies, Gaming set, Any standard language

***Common Magic Items.*** Orb of Time, Dread Helm

***Uncommon Magic Item.*** Ring of Mind Shielding

***Rare Magic Item.*** Cape of the Mountebank