# Ruling 17: Season 1!

Date: Jul 23, 2019
Tags: Documentation, Material

The council has made the following determinations:

- Welcome to Season 1! With the formal approval of the *Order of Champions Rewards Guide* and *Order of Champions Players Guide* (posted in **#current-campaign-docs**), as well as our first official adventure "Negligent Neighbors" (OCDP01-G01, [https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/282043/Negligent-Neighbors-OCDP01G01](https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/282043/Negligent-Neighbors-OCDP01G01)), we now have the foundational building blocks to declare the season open for business.
- The OCRG, in particular, has a few *radical* changes from the Season 7 AL model that we're starting to veer away from, so pay close attention! These changes go into effect immediately, as of this writing.
- The OCDMG, the OC Alliance Guides, and the OC Content Catalog are still in production. The OCDMG, in particular, is going to contain the pricing list for magic items that we intend to roll out in "spurts" of around 20 per month, so you can expect it to need frequent updating. The first edition should be out by the end of August, along with OCDP01-G02 "Unburied Hatchets". Make sure to DM **@🅱lue❌**if there's a particular item you're interested in seeing bumped up to the top of our evaluation list!
- If you were waiting to run games, *now's the time*! It's going to be very important to us in the next month or two to get as large a sample size as possible regarding how these rules impact the game, so that we can tweak if necessary. Hope to see you all out there on the field!